---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azure-aks-aad-token Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azure-aks-aad-token Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "azureaksaadtoken" {
  # example configuration here
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_certificate_password` (String) The password associated with the Client Certificate. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate
- `client_certificate_path` (String) The path to the Client Certificate associated with the Service Principal for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate.
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID which should be used.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret which should be used. For use When authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Secret.
- `environment` (String) The Cloud Environment which should be used. Possible values are public, usgovernment, and china. Defaults to public.
- `metadata_host` (String) The Hostname which should be used for the Azure Metadata Service.
- `msi_endpoint` (String) The path to a custom endpoint for Managed Service Identity - in most circumstances this should be detected automatically.
- `oidc_request_token` (String) The bearer token for the request to the OIDC provider. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_request_url` (String) The URL for the OIDC provider from which to request an ID token. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_token` (String) The OIDC ID token for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String) The path to a file containing an OIDC ID token for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `partner_id` (String) A GUID/UUID that is registered with Microsoft to facilitate partner resource usage attribution.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Tenant ID which should be used.
- `use_msi` (Boolean) Allowed Managed Service Identity be used for Authentication.
- `use_oidc` (Boolean) Allow OpenID Connect to be used for authentication
